100,000 Tons of Steel

I know these rails we're on like I know my lady's smile,
We see a dozen dreams in every passing mile.
Can't begin to count the trips she and I have made,
But I wish I had a dollar for each time we've both been down this grade.

And 100,000 tons of steel, made to roll.
The brakes don't work and this grade's too steep, her engine's sure to blow.
And 100,000 tons of steel, out of control,
She's more a rollercoaster than the train I used to know.

It's one hell of an understatement, to say she can't be beat.
She's tempermental, more a bitch than a machine.
She wasn't built to travel at speed or through mud slides.
These wheels are bound to jump the tracks before they burn like the ties

And 100,000 tons of steel, made to roll.
The brakes don't work and this grade's too steep, her engine's sure to blow
And 100,000 tons of steel, out of control
She's more a rollercoaster than the train I used to know.

Murphy sure out done himself to pick this stretch of track
I can only hope my luck is ridin' in the back.
Well I have pray to God this ain't the day we meet,
I've done about everything, but try dragging my feet.

And 100,000 tons of steel, made to roll.
The brakes don't work and this grade's too steep, her engine's sure to blow
And 100,000 tons of steel, out of control,
She's more a rollercoaster than the train I used to know.

Oh, oh I want to go down slow.

Aiko Aiko

My spy boy saw you spy boy sittin' by the fi-yo
My spy boy told your spy boy, "I'm gonna set you flag on fi-yo."

I said, "Hey now," "Hey now,"
Aiko Aiko all day, jockomo feno na na nay, jockomoa feena nay.

My grandma and your grandma were sitting by the fire
Said my grandma to your grandma, "Gonna get your tail on fire."

I said, "Hey now," "Hey now,"
Aiko Aiko all day, jockomo feno na na nay, jockomo feena nay.

Alligator

Sleepy Alligator in the noon day sun,
Lyin' by the river just like he usually done.
Call for his whiskey, he can call for his tea,
Call all he want to, but he can't call for me.

Oh no! I've been there before,
And I ain't gonna come around here any more.
Creepy alligator coming all around the bend,
Shoutin' about the times when we was mutual friends,
I checked my memory and I checked it quick, yes I will.
I checked it runnin' some old kind of trick.

Oh no! Well I've been there before,
And I ain't gonna come around here any more.

Sailin' down the river in an old canoe,
A bunch of and an old tennis shoe.
Out of the river all ugly and green,
Came the biggest old alligator that I've ever seen!

Teeth big and pointy and his eyes were buggin' out,
Contracted the union, put the beggars to rout.
Screamin' and yellin', he was pickin' his chops,
He never runs he just stumbles and hops.
Just out of prison on ten dollars bail,
Mumblin' bitches and waggin' his tail.

Babe, It Ain't No Lie

Been all around this whole round world,
Lord, I just got back to day.
Worked all the way honey and I gave it all to you
Honeybabe, what more can I do?

Oh babe, it ain't no lie.
Oh babe, it ain't no lie.
Oh babe, it ain't no lie.
You know this life I'm living is mighty high.
One more woman, Lord in this town.
Keep her telling her lies on me.
Wish to my soul that old woman would die.
Keep her telling her lies on me.

Bertha

I had a hard run, runnin' from your window.
I was all night running, running, Lord I wonder if you care,
I had a run in, run around, and run down.
Run around the corner, corner, Lord run smack in to a tree.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Dressed myself in green, I went down unto the sea.
Try to see what's goin' down, try to read between the lines.
I had a feelin' I was fallin', fallin', fallin',
I turned around to see,
Heard a voice al callin', Lord you was commin' after me.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Ran into a rainstorm, I ducked back into Novato.
It's all night pourin', pourin', pourin',
Lord but not a drop on me.
Test me, test me,
Test me, test me, test me,
Why don't you arrest me?
Throw me in to the jailhouse,
Lord until the sun goes down, 'till it goes down.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Black Muddy River

When the last rose of summer pricks my finger,
And the hot sun chills me to the bone,
When I can't hear the song for the singer,
And I can't tell my pillow from a stone,
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,
And sing me a song of my own,
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,
And sing me a song of my own.

When the last bolt of sunshine hits the mountain,
And the stars start to splatter in the sky,
When the moon hits the southwest horizon,
With the scream of an eagle on the fly,
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,
And listen to the ripples as they moan,
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,
And sing me a song of my own.

Black muddy river, roll on forever,
I don't care how deep or wide, if you've got another side,
Roll muddy river, roll muddy river, black muddy river, roll.

When it seems like the night will last forever,
And there's nothing left to do but count the years,
When the strings of my heart begin to sever,
And stones fall from my eyes instead of tears,
I will walk alone, by the black muddy river,
And dream me a dream of my own,
I will walk alone, by the black muddy river,
And sing me a song of my own, sing me a song of my own.

Bondi Pier

I was down by Bondi Pier, drinkin' tubes of ice cold beer,
With a bucket full of prawns upon my knee,
When I swallowed the last prawn,
I had a technicolor yawn and I chundered in the old Pacific Sea.

Drink it up, drink it up, crack another dozen tubes and prawns with me,
If you want to throw your voice, mate you won't have any choice,
But to chunder in the Old Pacific Sea.

I was sittin in the surf, when a mate of mine called Murf,
Asks if he can crack a tube or two with me.
The bastard barely swallowed it,
When he went for the big split, and he chundered in the Old Pacific Sea.

Drink it up, drink it up, crack another dozen tubes and prawns with me,
If you want to throw your voice, mate you won't have any choice,
But to chunder in the Old Pacific Sea.

I've had liquid laughs in cars, and I've hurled from moving cars,
And I've chuckled when and where it suited me.
But if I could choose the spot,
To regurgitate me lot, then I'd chunder in the Old Pacific Sea.
Drink it up, drink it up, crack another dozen tubes and prawns with me,
If you want to throw your voice, mate you won't have any choice,
But to chunder in the Old Pacific Sea.

Brown-Eyed Women

Gone are the days when the ox fall down,
Take up the yoke and plow the fiends around.
Gone are the days when the ladies said' "Please,
Gentle Jack Jones won't you come to me."

Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,
And it looks like the old man's gettin' on.

1929 when he stepped to the bar, drank to the dregs of the whiskey jar.
1030 when the wall caved in, he made his way selling red-eyed gin.

Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,
And it looks like the old man's gettin' on.

Delilah Jones was the mother of twins,
Two times over and the rest were sins.
Raised eight boys, only I turned bad,
Didn't get the lickin's that the other ones had.

Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,
And it looks like the old man's gettin' on.

Tumble down shack on Big Foot country.
Snowed so hard that the roof caved in.
Delilah Jones went to meet her God,
And the old man never was the same again.

Daddy made whiskey and he made it well.
Cost two dollars and it burned like hell.
I cut hick'ry just to fire the still,
Drink down a bottle and be ready to kill.

Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,
And it looks like the old man's gettin' on.

Gone are the days when the ox fall down,
Take up the yoke and plow the fiends around.
Gone are the days when the ladies said' "Please,
Gentle Jack Jones won't you come to me."

Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,

China Doll

A pistol shot, at five o'clock, the bells of heaven ring,
tell me what you done it for, No I won't tell you a thing.
Yesterday I begged you before I hit the ground,
all I leave behind me is only what I found.

If you can abide it, let the hurdy-gurdy play,
stranger ones have come by here before they flew away.
I will not condemn you nor yet would I deny,
I would ask the same of you, but failing, will not die.

Take up your china doll, take up your china doll,
it's only fractured and just a little nervous from the fall.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la.

Dark Star

Dark star crashes, pouring its light into ashes.
Reason tatters, the forces tear loose from the axis.
Searchlight casting for faults in the clouds of delusion.
Shall we go, you and I while we can
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?

Mirror shatters in formless reflections of matter.
Glass hand dissolving to ice petal flowers revolving.
Lady in velvet recedes in the nights of goodbye.
Shall we go, you and I while we can
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?

El Paso

Out in the West Texas town of El Paso I fell in love with a Mexican
girl.
Nighttime would fine me in Rose's Cantina,
Music would play and Felina would whirl.

Black as the night were the eyes of Felina,
Wicked and evil while casting a spell.
My love was strong for this Mexican maiden,
I was in love, but in vain I could tell.

One night a wild young cowboy came in, wild as the West Texas wind...
Dashing and daring, a drink he was sharing,
With wicked Felina, the girl that I love.

So in anger I challenged his right for the love of this maiden;
Down went his hand for the gun that he wore.
My challenge was answered, in less than a heartbeat
The handsome young stranger lay dead on the floor.

Just for a moment I stood there in silence,
Shocked by the foul evil deed I had done.
Many thoughts ran through my mind as I stood there;
I had but one chance and that was to run.

Out through the back door of Rose's I ran, out where the horses were
tied...
I picked a good one; he looked like he could run,
Up on his back and away I did ride.

Just as fast as I could from the West Texas town of El Paso,
Out thru the badlands of New Mexico.
Back in El Paso my life would be worthless;
Everything's gone in life nothing is left.

But it's been so long since I've seen the young maiden,
My love is stronger that my fear of death.
I saddled up and away I did go, riding alone in the dark...
Maybe tomorrow a bullet may find me,
Tonight nothing's worse than this pain in my heart.

And as last here I am on the hill overlooking El Paso,
I can see Rose's Cantina below.
My love is strong and it pushes me onward, down off the hill to Felina
I go.

Off to my right I see five mounted cowboys,
Off to my left ride a dozen or more.
shouting and shooting; I can't let them catch me,
I've got to make it to Rose's back door.

Something is dreadfully wrong for I feel a deep burning pain in my
It's getting harder to stay in the saddle.
I'm getting weary, unable to ride.

From the Heart of Me

Voices slide down off the mountain, sunlight turning red
Falls on the earth and it spreads
Even the families lower their heads as they ride

Age old faces of the mountains looming naturally
I wonder if they're looking at me, their monumental eyes I can feel

In the glow of the twilight the thought of home
Reminds me now I'm reaching out to you
Anything I can do to be safe and warm in your arms

All I have from the heart of you

I'd meet you anywhere in the country or anywhere on the sea
All over the world it could be I would follow you with the heart of me

Remembering you hold me tight in tomorrow morning's light I will fine you

When I awoke the stars were out and shining, shining for you and me
All I ever wanna be is save and warm in your arms
All I have, from the heart of me

He's Gone

Rat in a drain ditch, caught on a limb, you know better but I know him.
Like I told you, what I said, Steal your face right off your head.

Now he's gone, now he's gone, Lord he's gone, he's gone.
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back...He's gone.

Nine mile skid on a ten mile ride, hot as a pistol but cool inside.
Cat on a tin roof, dogs in a pile,
Nothin' left to do but smile, smile, smile!!!!

Now he's gone, now he's gone Lord he's gone, he's gone.
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back...He's gone.

Goin' where the wind don't blow so strange,
Maybe off on some high cold mountain chain.
Lost one round but the price wasn't anything,
A knife in the back and more of the same.

Same old, rat in a drain ditch, caught on a limb,
You know better but I know him.
Like I told you, what I said,
Steal your face right off your head.

Now he's gone, now he's gone Lord he's gone, he's gone.
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back...He's gone.

Ooh, nothin's gonna bring him back.

Hurts Me Too

You said you was hurtin', almost lost your mind;
'Cause the man you love, hurts you all the time.
But when things go wrong, wrong with you... it hurts me too.

You love him a little more, when you ought to love him less.
Why pick up behind him and take his best?
'Cause when things go wrong, wrong with you... it hurts me too.

You love another man; Oh, but I love you
But you love him darlin', stick to him just about like glue.
But when things go wrong, wrong with you... it hurts me too.

Well, he better leave you, or you best put him down.
'Cause you know, I just can't stand to see, see you pushed around.
'Cause when things go wrong, wrong with you... it hurts me too.



I Need A Miracle

I need a woman 'bout twice my age
A lady of nobility, gentility and rage
Splendor in the dark, lightning on the draw
We'll go right through the book and break each and every law.

I got a feeling and it won't go away, oh no
Just one thing then I'll be ok
I need a miracle every day.

I need a woman 'bout twice my height
Statuesque, raven-dressed, a goddess of the night.
Her secret incantations, a candle burning blue
We'll consult the spirits maybe they'll know what to do.

And it's real and it won't go away, oh no
I can't get around and I can't run away
I need a miracle every day.

I need a woman 'bout twice my weight
A ton of fun who packs a gun with all her freight
Find her in a sideshow leave her in L.A.
Ride her like a surfer running on a tidal wave.

And it's real, believe what I say, yeah
Just one thing I got to say
I need a miracle every day.

It takes dynamite to get me up
Too much of everything is just enough
One more thing I just got to say
I need a miracle every day,
I need a miracle every day,
I need a miracle every day, (got to be the only way)
I need a miracle

Kansas City

Kansas City, Kansas City here I come. Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.
Got some pretty little women there, I'm gonna get me one.
Standing on the corner, crawl straight in my hand
With my Kansas City Baby, now by the Kansas City world.

Well the water in the city, well, taste like Georgia Pie
Going to Kansas City where it tastes like sugar, oh I know it.
Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.
Got some pretty little women there, I'm gonna get me one.

Kansas City, here every night you gave me none
Kansas City, surely looked like they were done
You know they turned it around now Baby, gonna scratch it, gonna run.

And rock with my Baby, rock with my Baby, one more time
Rock with my Baby, Kansas City Baby, one more time
Went to the city for, for this souvenir in my hand.

Well I might take a plane, might take a train
If I have to walk you won't grind in the same.
Oh, Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.
Got some crazy little women there, I'm gonna get mo one.

Mexicali Blues

Laid back in an old saloon, with a peso in my hand,
Watchin' flies and children on the street,
And I catch a glimpse of black-eyed girls who giggle when I smile,
There's a little boy who wants to shine my feet.

And it's three days ride from Bakersfield and I don't know why I came.
I guess I came to keep from payin' dues.
So instead I've got a bottle and a girl who's just fourteen,
And a damn good case of the Mexicali Blues. Yeh!

Is there anything a man don't stand to lose,
When the devil wants to take it all away?
Cherish well your thoughts, and keep a tight grip on your booze,
Cause thinkin' and drinkin' are all I have today.

She said her name was Billy Jean and she was fresh in town.
I didn't know a stage line ran from Hell.
She had raven hair, a ruffled dress, a necklace made of gold,
All the french perfume you'd care to smell.

She took me up into her room and whispered in my ear,
"Go on, my friend, do anything you choose."
Now I'm payin' for those happy hours I spent there in her arms,
With a lifetime's worth of the Mexicali Blues.

Is there anything a man don't stand to lose,
When the devil wants to take it all away?
Cherish well your thoughts, and keep a tight grip on your booze
Cause thinkin' and drinkin' are all I have today.

And then a man rode into town, some thought he was the law.
Billy Jean was waitin' when he came.
She told me he would take her, if I didn't use my gun,
I'd have no one but myself to blame.

I went down to those dusty streets, blood was on my mind.
I guess that stranger hadn't heard the news
Cause I shot first and killed him, Lord, he didn't even draw
And he made me trade the gallows for the Mexicali Blues.

Is there anything a man don't stand to lose
When he lets a woman hold him in her hands?
He just might find himself out there on horseback in the dark
Just ridin' and runnin' across those desert sands.

One Thing To Try

Break out your bottle, be in trouble by noon
Never get satisfaction cause ya boil too soon
Them downtown chippies know your weight to the ounce
But the harder you fall, Jack, the higher you bounce!

Stoke up your get, be ready to ride
Keep your head and your heart inside
Take it as far as you wanna go
Until we can't see the desert for the burning snow

But if you're in a hurry, I really go to go,
If you're in a hurry, might have to find out slow
That it's one thing to try, another to fly,
You get there quicker just a step at a time,
It's one thing to bark and another to bite,
The show ain't over til you pack up at night.

Ah well, ninety-nine people all running around
Not one in a hundred got his feet on the ground,
In fact one in a thousand holding some in reserve
For when the real, true action comes around the curve.

Take care of your people, get some of them fed
Hide the ones in trouble out under your bed
Keep an eye to the future, an ear to the past
Cause after thinkin' it over, know there's nothing much lasts.

So if you're in a hurry, I really go to go
If you're in a hurry, might have to find out slow
That it's one thing to try, another to fly,
You get there quicker just a step at a time,
It's one thing to bark and another to bite,
The show ain't over til you pack up at night.

Don't ever let it get the best of you
Plan what you can, let the rest shine through
Just so many angles you can possibly see
Got to figure on those let the other ones be

Don't be a collector of more than you need
Got a lot of things growing but keep watching your seeds
Got to sprout in December what you planted in May
If the harvest is empty, find some other good way

But if you're in a hurry, I really go to go,
If you're in a hurry, might have to find out slow
That it's one thing to try, another to fly,
You get there quicker just a step at a time,
It's one thing to bark and another to bite,
The show ain't over til you pack up at night.

Promontory Rider

Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger.
Promontory Rider, whats makes you ride so high?
Put a loving star back in an empty sky.
Once the wind was warm and sweet, the ladies in lace.
Up there on the prominence the tears just freeze your face.
From a statutory picture, passport out of hell.
Left here by a stranger, seem to wish as well.
Sighed, Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger.

Asked me, "Can you thread a needle? Can you shoot the moon?"
Walk the silver screen, be a judgement at high noon?
Like any Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger, step up.

Ride on, ride on, ride
Ride upon the high ground, ride upon the low.
Promontory Rider what makes you ride so slow?
Pick me out with harden wings and fill my head with crowds.
I been crawlin' in this scene, but now I'm rollin' down.

Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger.
Promontory Rider used to ride so high.
I don't know these days just seem to ride on by.
Once the wind was warm and sweet, but this must be your place.
Cause you don't change this chilly range, for any other place.
Say, Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger.

Ride on, ride on, ride.
Promontory Rider, whats makes you ride so high?
Put a loving star back in an empty sky.
Movin' on the high ground, movin' on the low.
But Promontory Rider that was many years ago.
Pick me out with harden wings and fill my head with crowds.
I been crawlin' in this scene, but not I'm rollin' down.
Promontory Rider, Territory Ranger.

Movin' on the high ground, movin' on the low ground.
Promontory Rider step so high
I know I oculd be right and I maybe wrong.
But I'll think I'll miss you when your gone.
ABC WXYZ can ask for cover, just don't see me

Searchin'

Well, I've been searchin', I've been searchin'
I've been searchin' every week and day
Well, I've been searchin', I've been searchin'
I've been searchin' every which way
Like the North West Mountain you know I'll bring her in someday

Well, if I have to climb a mountain, you know I will
And if I have to swim a river, you know I will

No matter where she goes, Oh Lord, you know I will
And if I have to climb a mountain, you know I will
And if I have to swim a river, you know I will
I know she's hiding up there
If you marry him don't you know I'll find her, child I will

Well Sherlock Holmes, Sam Spade gonna put that child on me
No matter where she's hiding
She gonna tell me you're coming
I'm gonna walk right down that street just like bulldog jumping
Cause I've been searchin', I've been searchin'
I've been searchin' every which way
Like the North West Mountain you know I'll bring her in someday

Stella Blue

All the years combine, they melt into a dream,
A broken angel sings from a guitar.
In the end there's just a song comes cryin' up the night
Thru all the broken dreams and vanished years.
Stella blue. Stella blue.

When all the cards are down, there's nothing left to see,
There's just the pavement left and broken dreams.

In the end there's still that song comes cryin' like the wind.
Down every lonely street that's ever been
Stella blue. Stella blue.

I've stayed in every blue-light cheap hotel, can't win for trying.
Dust off those rusty strings just one more time,
Gonna make them shine, shine

It all rolls into one and nothing comes for free,
There's nothing you can hold, for very long.
And when you hear that song come crying like the wind,
It seems like all this life was just a dream.
Stella blue. Stella blue.

Uncle John's Band

Well the first days are the hardest days, don't you worry any more,
'Cause when life looks like Easy Street, there is danger at your door.
Think this through with me, let me know your mind,
Wo, oh, what I want to know, is are you kind?

It's a buck dancer's choice my friend; better take my advice.
You know all the rules by now and the fire from the ice.
Will you come with me? Won't you come with me?
Wo, oh, what I want to know, will you come with me?

Goddamn, well I declare, have you seen the like?
Their wall are built of cannonballs, their motto is "Don't tread on me".
Come hear Uncle John'n Band playing to the tide,
Come with me, or go alone, he's come to take his children home.

It's the same story the crow told me; it's the only one he knows.
Like the morning sun you come and like the wind you go.
Ain't no time to hate, barely time to wait,
Wo, oh, what I want to know, where does the time go?

I live in a silver mine and I call it Beggar's Tomb;
I got me a violin and I beg you call the tune,
anybody's choice, I can hear your voice.
Wo, oh, what I want to know, how does the song go?

Come hear Uncle John's Band by the riverside,
Got some things to talk about, here beside the rising tide.

Come hear Uncle John's Band playing to the tide,
Come on along, or go alone, he's come to take his children home.
Wo, oh, what I want to know, how does the song go.

Shakedown Street

You tell me this town ain't got no heart. Well, well, well, you can never tell.
The sunny side of the street is dark. Well, well, well, you can never tell.
Maybe that's cause it's midnight, in the dark of the moon besides.

Maybe the dark is from your eyes, Maybe the dark is from your eyes,
Maybe the dark is from your eyes, Maybe the dark is from your eyes,
Maybe the dark is from your eyes, Maybe the dark is from your eyes,
You know you got such dark eyes!

Nothin' shakin' on Shakedown Street. Used to be the heart of town.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. You just gotta poke around.

You think you've seen this town clear through.
Well, well, well, you can never tell.
Nothin' here that could int'rest you. Well, well, well, you can never tell.
It's not because you missed out on the thing that we had to start.

Maybe you had too much too fast. Maybe you had too much too fast.
Maybe you had too much too fast. Maybe you had too much too fast.
Maybe you had too much too fast. Maybe you had too much too fast.
Or just over played your part.

Nothin' shakin' on Shakedown Street. Used to be the heart of town.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. You just gotta poke around.

Since I'm passing your way today. Well, well, well, you can never tell.
I just stopped in 'cause I want to say, Well, well, well, you can never tell.
I recall your darkness when it crackled like a thundercloud.

Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart.
When I can hear it beat out loud!

Nothin' shakin' on Shakedown Street. Used to be the heart of town.
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. You just gotta poke around.

